Assume texts has m rows, and calls has n rows.

Task0:
Time Complexity: O(1)
Space Complexity: O(1)
Explain:
  indexing in python list take only constant time and we
  are not storing anything here.


Assume texts has m rows, and calls has n rows.
Task1:
Time Complexity: O(m+n)
Space Complexity: O(m+n)
Explain:
  We iterate through both calls and texts once, and so the time
  complexity is O(m+n).
  In the worst case, every single number is different and we end
  up storing all numbers. That's why space complexity is O(m+n)


Assume texts has m rows, and calls has n rows.
Task2:
Time Complexity: O(n)
Space Complexity: O(n)
Explain:
  we iterate through the call sheet once to calculate the time
  spending of each cell phone. O(n)
  We also iterate to find the max spending time. O(n)
  Overall, the time complexity is O(n+n) --> O(n)
  As for space, since we're storing the numbers' time spending, and
  it ends up with O(n).


Assume texts has m rows, and calls has n rows.
Task3:
PartA:
Time Complexity: O(nlogn)
Space Complexity: O(n)
PartB:
Time Complexity: O(n)
Space Complexity: O(1)
  Explain:
    As for Part A, finding the numbers prefix or area code only takes O(n)
    because we only iterate through the call sheet once. However, sorting
    the result list takes O(nlog(n)). Overall, it's O(nlogn) time complexity.
    For the space, the result list would take O(n)

    As for Part B, iterate the sheet and checking if the called number starts
    with (080) only takes O(n) time. And for the memory, we're not storing any
    variable for this part, so it takes only O(1) space.


Assume texts has m rows, and calls has n rows.
Task4:
Time Complexity: O(n^2+m^2)
Space Complexity: O(n+m)
Explain:
  iterating the call/text sheet will take O(n) or O(m). However, adding new element
  to the set of existing unique numbers take another O(n) or O(m) in the worst case.
  So finding the unique elements takes O(m^2+n^2). The difference
  operation of python set only takes O(m) or O(m). Overall, the time complexity
  is O(m^2+n^2)

  We are storing both the unique calls and texts number, therefore the space complexity
  in the worst case(every number is unique) is O(m+n). 
